View Letter
Date:	20 Aug 2018
To:	"Xian Xu" xuxian2004@gmail.com
From:	"Journals Editorial Office" Vidhya.Velayudhan@springer.com
Subject:	Acta Informatica - Editor's decision on ACIN-D-18-00105
Dear Xian Xu, 

I have received a report from a referee on your manuscript, ACIN-D-18-00105,
"Parameterizing Higher-order Processes on Names and Processes", submitted to Acta Informatica
You find the report below. As you see, I am afraid it is rather negative. 
Hence it is pointless to wait for further reports, which would just mean wasting time for you. 

I do hope you will find the report and the comments in it useful.


Yours sincerely,
Davide Sangiorgi
Associate Editor
Acta Informatica

===================================

Referee report on the paper 

"Parametrizing higher-order processes on names and processes" 
by Xian Xu


The paper studies parametrization in higher-order processes. 
The main results: 2 encodings of first-order processes (ie, pi-calculus) 
into a higher-order calculus with name parametrization, and
correctness results for them; a characterization of
context bisimulation (the 'standard' bisimulation for higher-order
processes) as a normal bisimulation on a calculus without name-passing.

The paper is not up to the standards of the Acta Informatica journal,
for the following reasons. 

First the encodings of pi-calculus into the higher-order calculi are
really straightforward, and not at all surprising. Allowing the
communication of abstractions over names is not really far from 
allowing name communication. 

Secondly, I do not understand the interest of the characterization of
context bisimulation as a non-standard normal bisimulation in the
paper. It is known that context bisimulation can be characterized as
normal bisimulation, provided the calculus has name communication. 
Now, the calculus in the paper does not have it; however, as normal
bisimulation is just a tool to characterize context bisimulation in
the simplest possible way, what is wrong with providing the
characterization in an extended calculus in which name-communication
is allowed? Then one could re-use the standard (and simpler) normal
bisimulation. If this plan is not possible 
(though I do not see why it should not be so), then indeed it would be
interesting to know why, and maybe explore the direction in the
paper. 


On this point: You should make it clear that the whole point of the
characterization as normal bisimulation is about the absence of
name-passing in the calculus, which prevents using the standard normal
bisimulation. It took me a while to realize this.

Furthermore a motivating issue: what is the interest in not having name communication in a calculus in which 
there are abstractions over names and communication of these? 

Other important things: 

Def 1 of bisimulation. You call it "ground" but in fact I believe this
is the "early" one. 

Clause 2 of Def 3 is awful to read, notably here: 
"... and A is a process abstraction or name abstraction or not an
abstraction, then .... for some B that is accordingly a process 
abstraction or name abstraction or not an abstraction". 
I guess there is an underlying type system and then what you want to
say is that A and B should have the same type. 


This remark applies to several other definitions and results (example
theorem 1 page 31) 

Def. 4 (soundness and completeness): aren't they exchanged?	

Paragraph after def 5. You claim that you have modified the standard
def of normal bisimulation. But then you cannot handle the issue of
congruence saying "it is well known that normal bisimulation is 
a congruence" ! 

The standard normal bisimulation is a congruence, but this one is
different (moreover congruence for normal bisimulation is not an easy
proof)


Page 10. You explain that you will use "bisimulations up-to context". 
How do you know they are sound ? The references given contain no such
results for the calculi in the paper, as far as I can see. 
Again, these are results that would have non-trivial proofs


Appendixes: why using small characters? they are hard to read

Minor issues: 

Page 3, line 37-39: "Resolving this can also provide (technical)
reference for practical work beyond the encoding itself. " What
practical work?

Page 5, line 13-16: 

"That characterization , however, is made in the presence of
first-order processes (i.e., name-passing), and thus not very
convincing with regard to the inner complexity of context bisimulation
in presence of parameterization. "
This sentence is mysterious. 

Page 10, line 4: "reply" should be "rely" 

Another example of mysterious sentence (there are several in the
paper): page 6, line 3-4: 
"The idea of the encodings in this paper is quite different from the above-
mentioned works in the literature, and may potentially offer (technical)
reference to relevant work."
Which work? I guess you mean that it is an expressiveness result and
that you hope it may spawn further work? of what kind? 

Last line before section 4.1: "whole" should be "hole" 

Following line: "pronounced" ??
